add programmatic and manual alt tags (#241)
SFPC/sfpc.github.io: participate/fall-2014.md

layout: default
---

> <img src="../img/SPCPicket.jpg" alt="people holding signs with text School for Poetic Computationon them" width="640">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img src="../img/SPCPicket.jpg" alt="people holding signs with text School for Poetic Computation on them" width="640">
```
